---

layout: col-sidebar
title: OWASP ModSecurity Core Rule Set
tags: crs
level: 0
type: code

auto-migrated: 1
---

This is an example of a Project or Chapter Page.
## The presentation

![Owasp_logo_normal.jpg](Owasp_logo_normal.jpg
"Owasp_logo_normal.jpg")The ModSecurity Core Rule Set (CRS) is a free,
generic set of web application firewall rules that provide valuable
protection against web attacks. In 2009, the CRS was made into an
official OWASP project
(http://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:OWASP_ModSecurity_Core_Rule_Set_Project)
to help facilitate the development of the rules. This presentation will
provide an overview of the CRS version 2.0 functionality, how it works
and all of the new features including - - Snort web attack signatures
Includes a large rule set of converted Emerging Threats? Snort web
attack signatures and Breach Security Labs will continue to periodically
release new signatures. - Collaborative rules Now operates in a
collaborative fashion where all CRS rules can set transactional
variables to specify what rule matched, the location of the match and
what payload data matched. - Anomaly scoring Each rule now contributes
to the overall anomaly score and users can choose what threshold is
appropriate for their site. - Easier exception handling Users are now
able to add in their own local exceptions to override the CRS checks
without needing to edit the rules themselves.

## The speaker

Ryan C. Barnett is the Director of Application Security Research at
Breach Security where he leads Breach Security Labs. He is a frequent
speaker at industry conferences such as Blackhat and is a Faculty Member
for the SANS Institute and Team Lead for the Center for Internet
Security Apache Benchmark Project. He is the OWASP ModSecurity Core Rule
Set (CRS) Project Leader and a member of the Web Application Security
Consortium where he leads the Distributed Open Proxy Honeypot Project.
Mr. Barnett has also authored a web security book for Addison/Wesley
Publishing entitled "Preventing Web Attacks with Apache".

[Category:OWASP_AppSec_DC_09](Category:OWASP_AppSec_DC_09 "wikilink")
[Category:OWASP_Conference_Presentations](Category:OWASP_Conference_Presentations "wikilink")
